are you worried about Tick Tock
potentially being banned are you
frustrated with Instagram and looking
for a new app well in this video I'm
going to share with you two popular
social media apps that have recently
gained some traction and our potential
future competitors for Instagram Tick
Tock Twitter Facebook and every other
social media app out there the two apps
that I'm specifically going to be
talking about today are lemonade and
Clapper of course there are numerous
other social media apps out there and
plenty of other competitors for
Instagram and Tick Tock but these are
the two that are the new players on the
scene and the two that seem to be
getting the most attention when people
are deciding to leave tiktok and
Instagram so I wanted to talk to you
about those two apps today show you how
to use them and give you my thoughts
first let's talk about lemon eight lemon
eight is not a new app it's actually
been around for a few years and it's
owned by tick tock tick tock the very
popular social media app here in the
United States and worldwide created this
app as a competitor for Instagram but
they've been putting very little money
and resources towards growing and
developing this app my hypothesis is
that they created this as a competitor
to just kind of have in the background
so that if people are looking for an
Instagram alternative they have lemonade
to go to Lemonade looks and performs
exactly like Instagram when you first
download the app and set up your profile
you're going to be asked to select a few
different interests or topics that you
are intrigued by and then it will show
you curated posts kind of like hashtags
that relate to those topics then pretty
much everything after that is exactly
the same as Instagram the posting looks
the same the hashtags are the same the
discoverability is pretty similar it
feels a lot like how Instagram felt in
2012. I will say in general it seems
like the overall use and engagement on
this app is relatively low because it's
been around for two or three years now
and it hasn't necessarily blown up it
doesn't seem like there's a lot of
traction or a lot of Engagement or a lot
of views or virality to be had on the
platform the discoverability in fact
seems very very challenging challenging
on the platform I've been on it for a
few weeks now and have struggled to even
gain 10 followers and that's been with
posting pretty consistently and engaging
with other users something that not very
many people are doing in General on
lemonade in fact despite lemonade being
somewhat in the news and somewhat being
relevant or talked about as people think
about leaving tiktok or Instagram it's
been really hard to find much data or
much information out there on lemonade
there are hardly any reviews or
tutorials online and there's definitely
not very many people talking about how
to use it to grow or use it for
marketing or use it really for the
typical uses that people see of
Instagram and Tick Tock I also think
lemonade isn't very easy to use it's
quite Rough Around the Edges it feels
like an app that's still in its beta it
doesn't crash like a lot of other apps
might in their beta but it just doesn't
feel very intuitive a lot of the buttons
don't quite make sense some of the
different features don't quite align it
does feel like a carbon copy of
Instagram it feels like you put
Instagram into a copier machine and then
this is what you got out but it's just
not super easy to use and I think the
biggest factor that is turning me away
from Lemonade is the really low
engagement reach and discoverability on
the app with that being said though let
me take you into my phone and I will
show you how to use lemonade all right
so that's lemonade which is again tick
tock's copy of Instagram owned by Tick
Tock let's now talk about the other
competitor the one that seems to be
getting a lot more news has a lot more
users and something that I'm taking a
little bit more seriously and that is
Clapper Clapper is a tick tock imitation
it looks exactly like Tick Tock you use
it exactly like Tick Tock you can only
post videos similar to how you used to
only be able to post videos on Tick Tock
the user interface the feed the posting
style the profile all of it is pretty
much an exact copy of Tick Tock but has
nothing to do with Tick Tock it's not
owned by Tick Tock nor is it owned by
Instagram Facebook meta or really any
other major social media app it seems
like this is a completely independent
social media startup that just is
copying a lot of the tools features and
capabilities that Tick Tock is from what
I've found over the last few weeks of
using Clapper is it's much easier to get
discovered to get found and have your
videos potentially even go viral on
Clapper there are plenty of examples
that I found as I'm scrolling through my
feed of people who are brand new to the
app or have less than 100 followers who
end up getting over a hundred thousand
views on their videos even myself just
some of the First videos I posted
received over a thousand or one of them
even over 3 000 views within the first
24 hours this is a significant jump in
discoverability when compared to Lemon 8
and even comparing to potentially your
first couple days on Instagram or on
Tick Tock and I think the reason for
that is that Clapper has reportedly over
3 million registered users which is a
relatively High number a lot of those
users are us-based but not a lot of
people are posting yet so very similar
to the early days of tick tock Instagram
and pretty much every other social
network there's a lot of users a lot of
people are joining and paying attention
and staying engaged but there's not a
lot of people posting which means
there's a great opportunity to get your
content discovered and pushed out to
more people I've found it to be much
easier to gain a following on Clapper
because of this but what I've noticed is
that the content on Clapper is kind of
like a PG-13 version of tick tock and
contrary to what you might see in the
news usually what I'm seeing on Tick
Tock at least what my for you page looks
like isn't a lot of graphic content
suggestive content uh let's say risque
content right I don't see a lot of that
on my Tick Tock for you page but I'm
seeing quite a bit more of that over on
Clapper even when I'm intentionally
trying to tell the algorithm that I'm
not interested I'm still getting
recommended this content quite often in
fact Clapper even has a dislike button
and whenever I've been seeing this
politically extreme content far right or
far left content whenever I've been
seeing this risque PG-13 content even
just content as simple as someone
smoking a cigarette isn't something that
you would typically see on other apps
like Tick Tock and Instagram but I've
seen a few videos where people are just
smoking over on Clapper and so I'm not
sure why that is I'm not sure if that's
just the type of person who's creating
content on Clapper I'm not sure if it's
because Clapper allows you to post that
kind of content and it's not buried like
other apps do with their algorithms I'm
not sure if maybe the algorithm on
Clapper isn't intelligent enough or
Advanced enough to be able to pick up on
my social cue of disliking it and saying
oh hey Brock doesn't want this video and
so we're going to show him less of this
kind of video I'm not sure exactly why
that is but it is something that I've
noticed and if you are someone who is
easily offended by that kind of stuff or
you're just very opposed to that kind of
content or you just don't want to see it
that might be something to consider if
you're thinking about joining Clapper of
course that could change over time I
wouldn't be surprised if as their
algorithm improves and as their app
grows that PG-13 stuff starts to get
buried a little bit more and they start
to promote a little bit more Vanilla
family friendly content but maybe that's
what their app is all about I haven't
read too much into the founders or what
their app's stance is I know that it's
not necessarily one of those apps that
believes in you know absolutely you can
say whatever you want and we don't
believe in censorship they're not one of
those apps if you know what I'm talking
about but it also seems like they let
you get away with a little bit more over
on Clapper than they would on say tick
tock or Instagram now that you have a
good idea for what Clapper is I'll take
you into my Clapper app and show you
around a little bit so overall I don't
think either one of these apps are
necessarily something that you should
pour a ton of time energy or resources
into I think that they're both in their
infancy stages I think that Instagram
isn't going anywhere I think that Tick
Tock is not going to get banned in the
US and it's not going anywhere either if
one of those apps does crash and go down
then I could see Clapper or lemonade
trying to fill that role But ultimately
it's really tough to grow a massive
social media app so I think it's
relatively unlikely that lemonade or
Clapper becomes serious players at the
the table if you are someone who is
already consistently posting content on
the other major platforms you're already
posting every day on Instagram and Tick
Tock and YouTube and Twitter well then
you might want to dabble in lemonade and
Clapper just to kind of diversify your
social media following But ultimately I
don't think it's super useful necessary
or totally worth your time if you don't
have a lot of it to begin with I would
focus on the primary established social
media apps and in my opinion they ain't
going anywhere anytime soon but I'd love
to hear your thoughts though let me know
in the comments are you going to check
out Clapper have you already are you
going to try out lemonade what are your
thoughts on these apps after seeing them
for the first time or even if you've
used them before I would love to hear
your opinions on them down in the
comments let me know and don't forget to
subscribe for more videos just like this
where I teach you how to use grow and
make money on different social medias